In this lecture we are going to talk about the difference between technical and alliances and quantitative
analysis so technical analysis is about historical data.
This is what we have been talking about in this chapter.
We use machine learning algorithms in order to approximate stock prices in the future.
And we have come to the conclusion that it's not working that fine.
And as far as I am concerned I'm a huge fan of quantitative analysis because it has an assumption all
financial quantities such as stock prices or interest rates has random behavior.
So we have to use randomness in our models stochastic calculus still has the differential equations
are needed.
This is why Blackshaw modalist so popular the complexity behind black shows model is able to grasp the
fundamental randomness that's present in the stock market.
So I'm not a huge fan of technical analysis.
Historical data is not going to contain all the information needed to build a good model.
And that's why machine learning approaches time series and alliances are not going to work that much.
OK we have seen that with K-ET and KNUS neighbor classifier.
We can achieve 61 percent accuracy which is not that bad.
If you have lots of lots of money and you make lots of lots of trades maybe you are able to make money
on the stock market.
But if you may recall this accuracy is quite bad as far as for example optical character recognition
is concern.
Thanks for watching.